SNAKE GAME USING VOICE COMMAND

SUBMITTED BY- AAKASH AGARWAL  (191010201)
	      PIYUSH RAWAT    (19101227)	
	      AMULYA VARSHNEY (191010204)

The follwing libraries and modules are used in the code :

1 )Pygame- This is an open source free to use library in python. We have used Pygame to create our snake and the window where the game will be played.
           pygame.init() will attempt to initialize all the pygame modules for you. Not all pygame modules need to be initialized, but this will automatically initialize the ones that do.
           display.fill(window_color) will fill white color into game window and pygame.display.update() allows only a portion of the screen to be updated, instead of the entire area. If no argument is passed, it updates the entire Surface area.
	   pygame.draw.rect() will draw a rectangle corresponding to given arguments which will represent our snake and display.blit() will show the image of an apple.
	   Game Logic:

Now it’s time to define game rules. As you know, there must be some rules which makes a game playable.

Rule 1: If the snake collapses with itself or with boundaries, game over.

Rule 2:  Moving the snake to a new position

In our game, the snake will continue to move in one direction until a button is pressed. To move the snake, we need to add one unit to the head and remove one unit from the tail.

Rule 3. If the snake eats an apple, the apple moves to a new position and snake length increases.


Displaying Final Score:

After the game is over, we want to display the final score. Here, I have defined a function ‘display_final_score’, which takes final score and text to be displayed as its arguments to display in the game window.


2) Numpy- We used Numpy so that we can make use of the arrays in python. This will help us in creating the snake and recording its position.

2) speech_recognition- This library helps in getting the voice inout and coverting it to text then we will use that 
text and search if there are any keywords such as "up","down","left","right", which will help us in changing the direction of our snake
	